Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing today? Well, thank you for joining
us. So let's take communion together
today. All right, let's take communion.
Let's enter into that throne. I'll pray
real quick. I'll pray as long as I
feel that stirring. Let's see if we see
anything new. If I see anything new, I'll
let you know when I pray over my eyes
that I am not snared by any satanic or
demonic force, that I hear only and see
only what the Lord is wanting me to see,
that there's no familiar spirits that
are able to come in and wreak
havoc on anything. So we come before Him
boldly into His throne by taking
communion first. That's what I do this
for. People go, 'Why? Why do
you?'because
this is the meal that heals. This is
the blood
and the body, and this is what makes us
whole. This is what makes us righteous.
This is what makes us all that we
are. Diana was telling me last night, she
said, 'Brandon, do you realize how many
animals they sacrificed for sin because
they always had a guilty
conscience?'Yeah,
on the Old Covenant.
She said they had no choice, or that
guilt never went away, and it
was
only washed away by the blood of an animal.
But then Jesus—and that's what this
is—this
represents
Him. This represents what He did. We take
this in like that sacrifice of what they
did to wash their sins away for their
day, or however often they did
it. They probably didn't kill an animal
every day; that would get expensive. But
I don't know how they did
it. I mean, seriously,
how often did they do it?
Once a week? But we can
come to Him every day. Never take it for
granted.
Never take it for granted how we
are able to take this communion and come
before Him boldly into His throne
because back then, for sin, God wiped
everybody out and killed them
all. It was bad. You
weren't even able to go into the
holy of
holies without a rope tied to your
ankle. Because if you walked into the
holy of holies and you had sin in you
and you were messed up, the priest
would fall over dead right there and
they'd have to dragged them out. If the bell
stopped ringing—because they had a bell on
their garment and if the bell
wasn't ringing, they realized that person
was dead—so they dragged him out with a
rope because they couldn't enter into
the holy of holies to come and get him
because
He's so holy. Yeah, because God is a holy God.
But the only way we're able to do it now
is by the blood and by the body and what
He did for us. Jesus paid the price for
you to walk in victory—the ultimate
price.
He was without
sin. He knew no sin, but He died for you
and I and took our
sin. Thank you, Father, for doing that for
us. That's why we make much of
the blood of Jesus, because it's the
blood that gives us power. It's the blood
that gives us authority. It's the blood
that seats us at the throne room, and
we're able to do what we're doing right
now and be able to see holy things, to be
able to see that which is to come. It
doesn't come
by any other means; it comes by what
He did on that cross and how He
rose again on the third day. That's what
makes us whole. What can wash away my
sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What
can make me whole again? Nothing but the
blood of Jesus. Do you
understand? It's all by His body. It was
all about the blood, and it's so
important. He said, 'Take this often in
remembrance of Me.'Take this.
Why? Because He's wanting you to
understand you no longer have to kill a
goat, you no longer have to kill a cow,
you don't have to do any of those
things—a
sheep or whatever. You just can come
boldly into My throne because of what I
did for you on that cross. And all I did
for you, when I said, 'It is finished,'it's finished.
And
He was
without any sin, and all of it went on
Him. The sins of the world went on Him.
And within just a moment,
that curtain was ripped—my
goodness—and
the glory of the
Lord was able to come inside of us now.
The Holy Spirit—He left us a
Comforter in Acts chapter 2. There came a
sound of a mighty rushing wind, and they
spoke with tongues of fire. Think about
it. All that was done, Jesus did it all.
And then the Holy Ghost came, and He was
able to indwell every single one of us.
We're no longer walking around all
messed up because Jesus paid the price.
And we take this communion and we're
thankful. This is the
sacrifice. Thank you for making that
ultimate sacrifice for us. We don't have
to kill a goat
today. We don't have to kill the fatted
calf today. Because some of us, you
messed up bad today on the way home from
work or whatever.
You can't go before a holy
God with
sin. The priest
couldn't, but we're able to now. Why?
Because
Jesus did it all. So that's what we
get excited about.
That's why we
take this, and I come before His throne,
and I'm just saying thank you. Thank you
for what You did for me. Thank you for
what You did for us. Oh my goodness, Lord,
thank you for what You did for me.
Don't ever take it for
granted. Two thousand years ago,
it was bad. Think about that. None of us
were able
to. So, Father, we thank You for this
body. We thank You that You were wounded
for our transgressions, You were bruised
for our iniquities, the chastisement of
our peace was upon You, and with Your
stripes we are healed. And we take
this body, and we thank You, Lord, that we
no longer have to kill any kind of
animal, that You became the Lamb. Your
blood was shed for the whole world, and
You took it all for the whole world. And
we worship You, and we thank You, for
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in
victory. And we don't have to be busted
and disgusted.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've
done. And we take this body in the name
of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord. Now, Lord, we take the
blood, and we thank You for Your blood,
for it's the blood that washes all our
sins and makes us white as snow. The
Bible says if we confess our sins, He is
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. Thank You, Father, for the
blood. We take the blood right now in the
name of
Jesus. Forgive us, Father. Thank You, Lord,
that we're walking in the blood. Thank
You, Lord, that we
have the blood covenant with
You and we're no longer bound by the
devil. Thank You, Lord, that we have
authority over all principalities and
powers, and we're seated with You in
the heavenlies, just like Ephesians tells
us we are. Ephesians
6, I will live in victory because of that,
and I refuse to go back in that
hole.
No, glory to God! Do you believe it? Well,
you've
got to believe it, though. You
believe it by faith; you
receive it by faith. We receive
everything. I will not lack any good
thing. What the Lord has provided for
me, I will not lack any good thing. I
receive everything the Lord told me I
could have. I will have it, and I will
walk in victory concerning
it in every area of my life. Thank You,
Father. Now, Father, we just come before
Your throne boldly, and I plead the blood
over my eyes. I plead the blood over my
ears and over my mind and over my
spiritual seeing. Father, as a watchman on
the wall, as Diana's here, Father, all the
ones that are represented in this
broadcast right now watching us, we hold
the blood of Jesus over us. We plead the
blood. We apply the blood of Jesus. And
Father, we make much of Your blood. And we
thank You, Lord, that we will not be
snared by any satanic or demonic force.
We will not be snared by any kind of
familiar spirits. We hear You, Father. We
plead the blood over our eyes. We plead
the blood. And if You want to show us
anything, we seek You, Father. And we thank
You, Lord, that You speak to us and You
show us that which is to
come. As we look out over the wall, Father,
if there's anything we need to
know that's coming in the future, coming
in our pathway that we need to know
about, Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
show us that which is to come, and we can
change it today. We praise You. We worship
You. We come into Your throne boldly, and
we sit at Your feet today. We sit at Your
feet today and we make much of You,
Father. And we worship
You by everything we do, with prayer and
petition, with thanksgiving. We make our
request known unto God. We praise You. We
worship You with prayer and thanksgiving.
We thank You, Father, with thanksgiving.
Let your request be made known unto the
Lord. Now we praise You, and we take the
care out of our prayer today. We worship
You. Thank You, Jesus. Thank You, Father, for
all that You're doing. Thank You, Lord,
that You speak to us and we hear You, and
a stranger's voice we will not follow.
It's a covenant
promise that we hear the Good Shepherd's
voice. We hear the Good Shepherd's voice.
We will not follow a familiar spirit. We
will not follow a dark angel that's
trying to pretend he's light. We will
only follow the Spirit of the Lord and
what He has for
us. You've got to decree that out of you. I
will not be deceived. I will not have any
kind of satanic
hindrance. No,
we only follow what the Father says and
what He is leading and guiding us to do.
And Father, I thank You, Lord. We yield our
spirits
over; we yield ourselves.
We
are a
vessel—we're
Your vessel. Speak through us now,
Holy Spirit. When we pray in the spirit
and we seek You, and we thank You, Lord,
all of You and none of us. Yep, all of You
and none of us. Thank You, Father. Thank
You, Lord.
We pray over those judges,
Father. We thank You for Amy
Coney
Barrett and the other one. We
thank You, Lord. What's his name? John
Roberts. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that they both are not influenced by any
satanic or demonic force. We pray for our
Supreme Court justices. We lift them up,
Father, that their minds and their hearts
are soft and pliable. And all the
others, we lift every single
one of them up before You. I
believe there's nine
of them—we
lift them up before You, Father. And we
thank You, Lord, that every single one of
them would vote godly.
But especially, You
said those two were in the balance.
There's nine
in the Supreme Court. Okay,
so Father, all nine of them, we lift them
all up before You. We thank You, Lord. Out
of those two, Father, You brought those
two faces before me, and we lift them up
before You, Father. And we take authority
over any satanic or demonic influence in
the name of Jesus. We say you will not
vote with just a political bias or an
opinion, but you'll vote godly. They'll do
godly decisions. And Holy Spirit, I thank
You that You would weigh on them
heavily and that You would convict them
of making any wrong choices
for America, that America will be godly,
that America will flow with the
Holy Spirit and it will be
a light on a hill again, that we would
take our rightful place and authority
and we would stand on that wall and we
would tell everyone that Jesus Christ is
coming, and He's coming soon. That, Father,
there would be no hindrances with
godly laws. And Father, I thank You, Lord,
that every judge—of those other
three that I saw, there's three that
would try to rise up and cause great
confusion in these days ahead, and we
pray for the demonic blinders to be
removed off of their eyes in the name of
Jesus and that the righteous would rise
up. And Father, I thank You, Lord, that
if they don't, they'll be removed
and there'll be another one replaced in
their position. Father, that all
hindrances, all walls of hindrances,
would be removed in the name of Jesus,
that there would be a great, mighty, holy
flow of the glory of God in this
one more time, that we would see the
manifestation of the sons and the
daughters one more time, and the glory of
the Lord would rest on this nation and
around the
world. Now, Father, I thank You. I thank You,
Father. I thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You for the anointing of the
Holy Ghost. I thank You, Lord, for Donald
Trump and the decisions that he's making.
And I pray over his mind right now in
the name of Jesus, that he has the mind
of Christ and there's no bad people
influencing him making bad decisions.
Father, that he puts up a wall, and
it's a Holy Ghost wall around him, Father,
with the blood of Jesus Christ, that he
would hear Your voice, Father, and he
would hear You and a stranger's voice
he would not follow. That the blood of
Jesus Christ covers him. That no calamity,
no assassination attempts, nothing
come nigh him, Father. He's covered from the
top of his head to the soles of his feet.
And that's his
wife, his grandchildren, his children,
his sons, his daughters; they're all
covered by the blood of Jesus. And over
Vance and over his wife and his
children, we cover them in the name of
Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, that they're
able to make righteous decisions. And
Father, they will flow in bringing forth
the transfer of the wealth of
the wicked laid up for the righteous.
And they may not even know they're doing
it, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
would use them as the vessel to bring
forth a financial outpouring for the
body of Christ like we've never seen
before. As we seek You, Father, as we seek
Your face, as we look to Your face, Father,
that money, those finances will flow
out of us, and it will go as long as
we keep our eyes upon You. We keep our
eyes upon You, Lord. And as we do that,
that money flows like a vessel
pouring out over all the people that we
can help them, Father. But Father, we don't
lose track of all the things that You've
given us. But Father, we keep our eyes and
our face on You. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that we are sold out. We are sold out to
what You want us to do, that we're not
distracted by any satanic or demonic
force. We're not distracted by it, Father.
We only have eyes on You. We keep our
eyes on You today. We keep our ears
toward You today. We hear You, God, and a
stranger's
voice we will not follow, for
You are the King of kings and the Lord
of
lords. Thank You,
Father. Thank You, Father, for the
anointing. Thank You, Lord, that
You
break every yoke of bondage
by
the anointing, the anointing that sets
the captives free. We have that
anointing on the inside of us. The Holy
Spirit dwells on the inside of us richly.
By faith we believe it; I receive it.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. Every
single cell of my body, the glory of the
Lord radiates out of my eyes, my face, my
mind, everything. Everything I do, I set
myself in agreement with You and Your
word, Lord. Father, You said if ye abide in
Me and My words remain in you, you shall
ask what you will and it shall be
done. So we know what Your will is. We
know what You want because we know what
Your word says. And You said, 'Beloved, I
wish above all things that you prosper
and be in health, even as your soul
prospers.'And
today we will be prosperous
in our souls. Today we will be prosperous
in our bank accounts. Today we'll be
prosperous and healthy, even in our
marriages, our household, our jobs, our
churches; they'll be blessed
because we are seeking
You. We put You first.
And as You
are the head of the household, You
are the head, Father, and
the blessing flows down as
we keep You first. The blessing flows on
the marriage, the blessing flows on the
children, because we keep You
first. We put You first. You are the
captain of our
ship.
We only put it on You and we say,
'Jesus, You guide our lives, You direct our
paths.'We
hide Your word in our hearts
that we might not sin against You, Lord.
We want
to seek Your face and not Your hand. We
want to seek You, God. And we thank You
that, Father, when we seek You, we will
find You. And when we knock, the door will
be opened unto us. As we give, it will be
given unto us—good measure, pressed down,
shaken
together, and running
over—running
over will men give unto us. We
believe, Father, that the favor of the
Lord is resting on us. For You said days
of great favor are on you, days of
great blessing are on you. It's time to
walk in the extraordinary. It's time to
walk in the overflow of the greatest
manifestations of the glory that we've
ever seen
before. Father, I thank You, Lord, that
there's nothing hindering, nothing
holding us back. That, Father, we are
dying to self and we are that
fragrance on that altar coming up before
You. I thank You, Father, that we
are a
sweet-smelling
fragrance before You.
We're
a
sweet-smelling
fragrance before You, oh God. And I know
the only way I get there is by Your
Son. I seek You,
Father. And Father, I thank You, Lord, that
in that I will find
You. I pray over our nation. I pray over
our troops in Iraq. I pray over
these secret drone
attacks, and I pray over every service
member all over
Iraq.
And we pray a hedge of the blood of
Jesus. If they try to shoot a missile,
the
angels of
the Lord are going to knock those
missiles out of the way.
And
they'll be like, 'How did that
happen?'A
mighty rushing wind blew the missile out
of the way. I don't know, but all I know
is that the angels of the Lord are
camped around and about those that fear
Him. I believe with all my heart that the
angels will bear us up in their hands
lest we dash our foot against the stone,
and the angels are protecting the
servicemen
and women right now. I
believe that Your angels are watching
over them. Even with people
having evil intentions, there will be no
calamity that comes nigh our
service people. I thank You, Father, even
on our ships, our Navy, Air
Force, Marines, and Space
Force—all
of them. They're covered by the
blood, Father. And Father, You will
speak to them, and they will show: 'don't
stand there, don't stand here.'And even
when they do, there's angels
there to block the bullets, there's
angels there to block the bombs, and
there will be a supernatural covering
over our men and women that are
protecting our
country. Father, I pray over Zelenskyy, and
I know what You've showed me about this
man. I know what You showed me about
Macron.
I know what You showed me about false
flag events trying to raise up war in a
greater measure with this thing in
Ukraine and Russia and Poland.
I know what You've showed me about
Poland, about Warsaw. And Father, I thank
You, Lord, that You intervene
on
behalf of this, that all the believers,
all the people that are in these
areas—Father,
they are protected. Father, that
Your angels are protecting them. Father,
that we're always in the right place at
the right
time.
And Father, I thank You,
Lord, that they would
know how to break the secrets in those
mountains and how to get past those
missile
systems. They would get past those
missile systems; they would get past the
defensive measures
to be able to—the infrastructure
of a nuclear
Iran. That there will be no nuclear Iran,
for a
nuclear Iran is a threat to all humanity,
and we will not have that. We pray a
hedge of protection around our
secret intel. Father, that they would
hear You and they would go in with
their strategic weapons and annihilate
these weapons of mass
destruction, that no one should fear
going to bed at night in any area of the
world, worried about Iran or
anybody else having those kind of
weapons.
I thank You, Father, that Your angels
are going before, and You give
supernatural wisdom—Holy
Spirit—over
our secret
intel. So now I'm going to pray in spirit
regardless. Y'all, it's like
being in traffic in Miami versus
being on my
superhighway.
I'm telling y'all, I can feel it.
We're just knocking the enemy in
the head. You can only go
so far in English. And then that's
why you've got to get baptized in the Holy
Ghost. Get the book 'Why
Tongues'by
Kenneth E.
Hagin,
for sure. It'll change your life.
And then get any book you can about
the baptism of the Holy Spirit by Kenneth
E. Hagin
and read it over and over and over
again. It will change your life.
You have to learn how to pray in tongues.
It's easier praying in
the tongues. It's praying with the
spirit. And I'm telling you, that's where
I see things. Praying in English for
y'all, I just go, 'My goodness, it's
dry; you're
pushing.'So
I do it for you. So let's do it now
in
tongues.
We dance with You,
Father. We put You first and we dance. We
flow with the Spirit.
As You lead,
we will follow.
We yield
ourselves
to
You.
All of a sudden, I'm in the
summer. I'm seeing the trees.
I'm seeing the heat from it. I
don't know why I'm in the summer, but I'm
in the summer, and we're praying into
the summer.
I'm in the month of July,
the weeks prior to July
4th.
We're going back into July.
April just
flashed.
I just saw
the month of April. We're back now. Out of
that, we went into July; now we're back
into
April. Oh yeah, we're over Easter again.
Okay, yep, we're back in Easter. We're on
Easter Sunday,
and back in Australia again. I see
Australia
again.
Now I'm back in
Iraq. Great breakthrough!
Let it
go,
the first dominoes.
This of those politicians in
Iraq.
Okay, now
I just went from Iraq all the way to
South Korea. I'm in South Korea right now,
and I see South
Korea, Japan.
Financial
things. I see
it—adoptions
of financial things.
It's like the
water when you shake a bottle of
water and it has a fizz; it's waiting
to pop.
I see the word
'Sooners.'The
Sooners. They were waiting
for
the land.
It's April. We
pray over the month of April.
The
'Sooners'—it
was written real big:
'Sooners.'Watch
it, watch it, watch it. He said, 'Watch
it.'He
will always
be. He will make
a
way. I see Him making a way. He's
clearing the path.
I see big buildings
and they're
lit up. I see wealth.
This is in South
Korea; this is in Japan. Money
flow.
They're
waiting.
Watch this now. Watch
the chatter.
It will come
forth—the
Sooners. There, I told
you.
Laws are
coming forth. Laws.
It's no longer the Wild West.
A
foundation. But the Sooners—you watch the
Sooners.
Canada now. I see Canada
now
on the Pacific, the city on the
Pacific. The leadership there.
They
want to jump in
too. Canada is in trouble.
The
chatter—that's
the words I hear.
'If we jump in this,
it'll help. It will give
help.'The
baby will
be birthed. A new way of thinking, a new way of banking. A new way of banking will be
birthed,
and the baby will
be—you
will
see. This is all about 2025.
Oh,
I see AI, but it came before me like
one of those faces
in
'The
Terminator.'I
saw a face—half of a skeleton, or a face
that was metal. And I
saw red on this side, that it was demonic
behind
it. There were demonic eyes over
here, and it was two-faced; it was split.
He don't want to talk about that no more.
The whole foundation is
AI.
But the root of
it—I
see roots. The roots of
it are
dark. This
is dark
AI.
I see the B
system—the
origin, the computer tech, you see. But it
could
be used for so much good, but
there's so much bad. The root of
it—the
men behind
it—it's
the thinking behind it. It's the
demonic spirits behind it, the
Nephilim,
the
fallen
ones. It's the foundation.
Jesus is coming.
Everything is getting set into place.
It is like
one pillar upon another. They're all
building blocks. Just
keep
watching. You don't know how long this
lasts.
'I've given you a
window,'says
the
Lord.
Don't add your interpretation to
it. Hearts of man are
longing for My
return, but I long for the souls of
man. He's talking about the body; He's
talking about His
bride, but He's talking about the fruit.
All these people there, I see them.
There's literally all these people and
they're going to
hell, but His heart is for the
harvest.
I see them all—the vast
people—and
they're all ready for the
Great White Throne of Judgment.
If He comes back now, a lot
go to hell.
The heart is the
harvest.
He gave us more
time; He wants the harvest.
I hear the longing. I hear the melody
coming from the bride for the
Savior to come.
They're calling Him to come
because times are hard and people are
weary. And I hear the
melody, and I can see it, and it's coming
forth, and they're wooing the Father
to come. But He's looking out
on the vastness of humanity, and there's
so many that will perish if He does. So
many people will burn in hell if He does.
And He looks upon all the faces of the
ones that He
loves, and it's a
sea of people.
For the most part, many will perish
if He does. He's calling
for
the
harvest. He is so merciful, and yet so
many people do not see Him.
They have their own agenda.
Yet He is
looking at the vastness of
humanity. I see it; I'm able to
look. There's
coming one last
push. There's coming a great revival. I
just saw Kathryn
Kuhlman.
I saw a flow of Kathryn Kuhlman. I
see a flow of the anointing. I see
the deliverances, I see the healings, I
see the goodness of God drawing all men
to repentance.
I see the goodness of God displayed
through you and
I to the
ones that will yield.
He will flow through
you. I see a river. There will be a flow
through you if you yield this
day. He's looking for the
harvesters, for the harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few. He says
we prayed for the finances
today; He said, 'I
allowed you to in tongues.'Do you
see? For this is the
key.
Bring
in the
harvest! Harvesters!
It'll be a quick
work.
I see a
storm in the East.
And in this great storm, I still see the
light and I see the
doves
again.
Oh, and the glory.
Thank You, Lord.
There will
be a great harvest. Some say falling
away—yes—but
I
see the ones that I can save. You see,
it's the
ones that are just right on
the verge of making
decisions. Yeah, there's a lot of them
that turn away.
But during the
Tribulation, they will be
shaken. There's still a harvest yet to be
received in the Tribulation.
They will see the error in their ways. But
I'm calling for the
ones.
He's stirring in them,
calling
them
forth.
Nothing else
matters. I heard Him say,
'Nothing else
matters.'Nothing
else
matters in one's
life—either
you know Me or you
don't.
All this other
that you were
concerned about—nothing else matters.
For
some, it's a very scary
place; for some, it's a
glorious
place.
I see the glory on the ones that
know.
But the ones that don't,
they have sorrow.
Then we
say it's our job to teach them. It's our
job to tell them. It's our job to warn
them. We've got to warn them. For
many have
heard, but they are not
hearing. They don't
have ears to
hear. They
heard it, but they didn't hear it.
Their ears are closed.
Time
to open
the
ears.
One last
call! I'm calling you in.
I see Him
again; He's yelling as loud as He
can.
Jesus, I do my best,
Father. I'll give You the
gifts; I'll give You the tools.
Tap into Him
today
for the fresh fire, the fresh
fruit.
I'm looking for the ones that will
just say yes. It's an
all-hands-on-deck
right now. Even
to the
little grandma,
if you
just say yes,
I will use you in an extraordinary
way. I'm looking for
you
to
say
yes. To the young
people, there's such a great harvest in
you.
Satan has tried so hard to come after
the youth, but I'm coming after them
harder. And there will be a great harvest
in the
youth with signs and
wonders.
And then there's the
elders.
They're in their
80s, they're in their 90s, and they're
just on death's doorstep. I'm calling
them
in.
It will be birthed out of prayer.
The
importance of this
channel—it
will
be birthed out of prayer, and there'll be
many more
rising up with prayer, just saying yes.
Father,
we say yes.
Lord, we say
yes.
It's such a sweet presence here.
The heart of the
Father looking at His child that's
wayward—He
doesn't want one to
perish but all come to repentance.
He even said about the
Great Falling Away that's in the Word;
He's still looking at the
one. He goes after the
one just like His Word says; He leaves
the 99 to go after the
one. Even the ones that have turned their
backs—the
Great Falling Away—He's still
looking in the backfield at the
one. I
could see Him longing for him right then.
I could see Jesus, and
He was longing for the one
in
the back, just looking at
the
one. My goodness,
Diana, how much He loves us!
Oh, how He loves
us! He is jealous for
me. Love like a hurricane—I am a tree
bending beneath the weight of His
glory.
Oh, how He loves us!
And
He loves us.
Oh, how He loves
us!
My
goodness, if people truly knew
it. It blessed me so
today.
So many
people—we
pray for every single one of
them to love Lord, find it before it's
too
late. It's the way He looks at the people
that are in the
backfield. He doesn't look at them
through judgment; He looks at them
through
yearning.
He looks at them with a yearning,
like a father that's just longing to be
with that child and
says, 'Oh.'He
sees the potential in
them.
He doesn't want to give up on
'If I
could just have a
moment, I can snatch him out of
hell.'And
yet the church is so busy wanting to
leave, and yet He looks at them and goes,
'But you don't understand that
one—that
one out of the 99—I can
touch that one if I could just touch the
one.'He
looks in and goes,
'They're just the one.'I'm so glad He
doesn't give up on us. Yeah, He could have
given
up on me so many times. He could
give up on you, but He just wants the one.
And I can see Him looking at the one. And
yet we so want to leave.
But He's
looking—I
can see Him saying, 'Yeah, I
see it.'I can see the Body of Christ in
their hearts: 'We want to leave, we want to
leave, it's been
rough.'But
He's looking at the
one, and He was just glancing at that
one, longing just for that one.
Oh, it's so
touching, looking in His face towards
that person. I saw it
again, and He's like, 'If you just help Me,
I'll give you the tools.'I can hear
Him: 'I've got these tools.'And I can see
the harvest equipment all on the hill
again.
It was the glory. He said, 'I'll
give you this equipment if you just say
yes.
All
that equipment is there to harvest those
souls in.'And it's the glory, it's the
anointing, it's impartation, if you just
say yes. And I can see the
elderly—they
were like, 'I'm too
old,'but
He said, 'I will even
use them if they just say yes.'Oh, we say
yes! We say yes to You. To the youth, to
all of them.
Working
together, birthing
it
out of prayer to bring in the ones
in the
backfield.
I know this video went extra long
today, but it was beautiful.
I have a verse I wanted to share about
when we were talking about praying in
English versus praying in the spirit, and
it's Romans 8:26. 'The Holy
Spirit comes to our aid and bears us up
in our weakness; for we do not know what
prayer to offer nor how to offer it
worthily as we ought, but the Spirit
Himself goes to meet our supplication
and pleads in our behalf with
unspeakable yearnings and
groanings
too deep for utterance.'Yeah, it's
beautiful. I love
that scripture. What was
that again? Romans
8:26. Well, we pray this video blessed you
today. I truly do. I pray you got
touched
today like I
did. I don't know if it comes through the
camera like it feels in my house right
now. I could see it so clearly.
Not being in a
hurry, just waiting on Him. There's so
many people in a hurry to go
nowhere.
If you sit at His feet, nothing else
matters.
His presence—there's fullness
of joy.
He is jealous for us.
He's such a good
God. He wants so much blessing for so
many of you.
All glory to God! Well, we
pray this blessed you. If you could do us
a
favor, like the video, please subscribe if
you haven't subscribed. I know there's a
lot of you coming from all over
the place to pray with us, and we're so
thankful for every single one of you. But
we ask you to subscribe to
the channel; it helps us with the
algorithm.
We're believing for a
million-strong
prayer
army to do exactly what we're doing
right here. We try to do it daily;
we're really trying hard. We
appreciate your support. We
appreciate you praying for us
and
loving on us.
We're doing what
God's told us to do, and we're going
to keep doing it.
We're going
to seek Him and we're going to find Him,
and we're going to be the ones that say
yes and we'll help bring in the harvest
in these last
days. Comment something nice down
below. Don't be a troll, but be a blessing.
Thank you. Click the notification bell,
click the thumbs
up. God
bless you
all. We pray this video blessed you
all, seriously. It blessed me so, and
we'll see you again tomorrow. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again. Bye-bye.